Exercise Sheet (#8)
aul12/PraktischeITSicherheit-Intel-SGX: Exercise/Sheet/main.tex

\begin{document}
    \maketitle
    \section{OpenSGX}
    Intel-SGX utilises special instructions and special CPU features to guarantee the security of an enclave.

>     Thus the processor requires hardware support for Intel-SGX, which is only part of more recent Intel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Thus the processor requires hardware support for Intel-SGX, which is only part of recent Intel
```

>     processors (6th generation and later). To be able to test SGX applications on devices without an recent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    processors (6th generation and later). To be able to test SGX applications on devices without a recent
```

>     Intel processor, there is OpenSGX. OpenSGX is a emulator (based on QEMU), that emulates the features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Intel processor, one can use OpenSGX. OpenSGX is an emulator (based on QEMU), that emulates the features
```

    provided by Intel-SGX. It was developed by the Georgia Institute of Techology to be able to not only
    test SGX enabled application, but also to be able to better debug software running in enclaves.

    As OpenSGX is purely software based it can not make the same security guarantees as Intel-SGX, in the end
    the memory of the emulator is part of the normal (not encrypted) memory, and can thus be read by the
    underlying OS.
    For our exercise this is sufficient, as we would only like to develop an application utilising SGX to demonstrate
    what is possible using SGX.

    \section{Setting up your development environment}
    OpenSGX only supports a very limited number of operating systems, this is why we decided to provide you with

>     an preconfigured virtual machine image to remove the hassle of compiling OpenSGX from source. To use the image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    a preconfigured virtual machine image to remove the hassle of compiling OpenSGX from source. To use the image
```
